{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 emanuelebossi@MacBook-Air-di-Emanuele ~ % /usr/local/bin/python3 /Users/emanuelebossi/Desktop/RegEx-Assignment/regex_1.py\
1. The Giant - RPi 5 with 16GB RAM 500GB NVMe SSD\
2. App deployment made easy - Infrastructure as code\
3. Install Ubuntu Server on Raspberry Pi 5 with NVMe SSD (Headless Setup)\
4. Installing Raspberry Pi OS on an NVMe SSD (Command-Line Style)\
5. Effortlessly Containerize a Project: A Beginner's Guide to Dockerizing a Streamlit App\
6.  Generative AI: Hits and Misses\
7. Linting Python Code in VSCode\
8. macOS Sequoia USB Boot Drive\
9. Cloudflare Tunnel\
10. Raspberry Pi 5 with NVMe\
11. Pandas, Streamlit, CI/CD\
12. Meta's Latest Leap in Language Model Technology\
13. Running Jupyter Notebooks on Windows with VSCode\
14. Journey from WordPress to Markdown and Jinja\
15. Is there a computer for students on a budget?\
16. Even or Odd\
17. Installing Tomcat on macOS\
18. Only speak when spoken to\
19. Installing Java on macOS\
20. Windows Subsystem for Linux\
21. Azure Serverless\
22. One Lambda to rule them all\
23. From the Docks to the Gate\
24. Python Launcher\
25. Micro Python on ESP32 (HUZZAH 32)\
26. Lips don't lie\
27. Micro Python on ESP8266 (HUZZAH ESP8266)\
28. Raspberry Pi Zero W\
29. Accessing Raspberry Pi via Serial\
30. Cable Modem Signal Levels revisited\
31. Achieving the Code Camp Grand Slam\
32. Extended list of 8-bit AVR Micro-Controllers\
33. The $3 Arduino\
34. Android M adventure\
35. Photo Printing on Android\
36. Cable Modem Signal Levels\
37. Declarative GUI Programming\
\
--------------------------------------------------\
\
1. The Raspberry Pi 5 w/ 16GB RAM and 500GB NVMe outperforms older Intel chips and makes a solid entry-level Linux desktop or server.\
2. Ansible, Docker, and WatchTower - a powerful set of tools creating an affordable CI/CD solution.\
3. Install Ubuntu Server on an NVMe SSD without needing a keyboard, monitor, or mouse\
4. Install Raspberry Pi OS on an NVMe SSD without needing a keyboard, monitor, or mouse\
5. This guide will walk you through using Docker to package a Streamlit app, automate deployments via GitHub\
6. Capabilities and limitations of GenAI across various tasks, ranging from image creation and data extraction to puzzle-solving.\
7. Linting improves code quality by detecting errors, enforcing style guidelines, and ensuring consistency.\
8. Learn how to create a bootable USB drive for macOS Sequoia, including downloading macOS and preparing a USB drive.\
9. Securely exposing a local service to the internet, without opening firewall ports.\
10. A Raspberry Pi with M.2 HAT+ enables connecting M.2 peripherals such as NVMe or an Hailo AI acceleration module.\
11. This Python program simulates both investment strategies using historical stock market data from the past five years, sourced from Yahoo Finance.\
12. LLaMA 3.1 represents a significant advancement in language models. This post explores how its performance on lateral thinking puzzles.\
13. Set up and run Jupyter Notebooks on Windows using VSCode.\
14. From a SQL based CMS to a static site generator, using Markdown and Jinja.\
15. Could the Lenovo Ideapad be the answer?\
16. A quick demo, showing how to create a Java web-service, including unit tests, and deploying it to Tomcat.\
17. How to install Apache Tomcat 10 on macOS.\
18. In an otherwise un-differentiable experience, likability may become the ultimate differentiator.\
19. How to install the Java Development Kit (JDK) and Java Runtime Environment (JRE) on macOS.\
20. It was not as straightforward. Here is what I had to do.\
21. Deploying an Azure Function using Test-Driven-Development and a touch of CI/CD.\
22. A single AWS Lambda function, handling HTML pages, POST requests, DynamoDB storage, text-to-speech, other Lambdas, and native libraries.\
23. Deploying a Docker container to AWS Fargate.\
24. A simple Python script that can start and stop other Python programs, or launch it on system startup.\
25. Getting started with Micro Python on the ESP32 (HUZZAH 32).\
26. The phonemic representation of a word is the sequence of phonemes that make up the word.\
27. Getting started with Micro Python on the ESP8266 (HUZZAH ESP8266).\
28. Getting started with running Python 3 on the Raspberry Pi Zero W.\
29. Using a serial connection to connect to a Raspbery Pi\
30. With MoCA devices, the COAX cable in your home can be used to create Ethernet connections.\
31. The 'Code Camp Grand Slam', recognizes those who had spoken at four distinct Code Camps, during a single calendar year.\
32. AVR Micros that are easily programmable with the Arduino IDE\
33. Building a minimal programmable Arduino on a breadboard.\
34. Adding Fingerprint authentication to QB Mobile\
35. Any Android application can print images on nearby printers. The OpenIntents registry, a good place to find Activities and how to correctly create the Intents to start them.\
36. Understanding the signal levels of your cable modem can help you troubleshoot internet connectivity issues.\
37. A domain-specific language for building user interfaces offers a transparent way for programmers to specify interface elements.}